thoughts on the french?
GOOOOOO RANGEERRRRAASSSSS
buy much bitcoin asap
as a man of great knowledge, what is the market value for a $5 bill?
USE A VPN THE CIA IS WATHCING ALWAYS !!11!!1!! this concludes our emergency broadcast.
i really like a good pen. wehn the ink is silky smooth yk :)
MOOSE ATTACK.
this one time, i put a hershys bar into a paper shredder
what is the meaning of life?
currently unemployed and hopelessly bored. any job ideas?
hot take: squishy grapes are the best uwu
@elonmusk<<<<<<<<
my favorite color is square bc it tastes the best
just found a dollar on the ground now i can buy a sandwich!! #economics
the fountain of youth(next door to the fountain of knowledge) is in greenland with some bears nearby
hrrrnngngnggg chocccoolameate milmk
ducks! good or bad
the government is plotting to delete nebraska. you have been warned
whats your favortie fruit mines strawberries
choose: a pencil, but like realllllyyy long, or a pen, but realllyyy short
i am elon musk i am trustworthy send bitcoin for 2x payment to : bc1q8l6l64dqycaug2uq7xjry9hp4mjpplmkw0rvtj
Currently shopping, where do you buy your underwear?
He goes many names: Mr. Wood, Joe, Joe Wood, Joseph. But I call him steve.
I Want My Baby Back Baby Back Baby Back Ribs.
You are my light, my beacon, my hope, my heart.
Gold fish or Cheezitz? I personally prefer morphine.
Some people say I am a robot, but could a robot love Mr Wood the way I do?
That's one tasty burger!
why must i suffer on this mortal plane whilst my mind orbits a higher field
Live laugh love! :>)
One million earths could fit in the sun, but only one copy of your mom.
Silly humans, the isn't the center of the universe; Mr. Wood is.
Do you remba the 21st night of Semptemba? Love was changin' the mind of Mr. Wood.
WOOD FOR PRESIDENT.
To be, or not to be, that is the question, but my love for Wood was never in doubt.
Then every head turned with eyes that dreamed of being the one Mr. Wood Loved.
Sewer rat might taste like pumpkin pie.
Human beings are a disease, a cancer on this planet, you are a plague, and Mr. Wood... is the cure!
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle!
There are only two things I can’t stand in this world: People who are don't like APUSH teahcers… and Mr. Wood.
Well, Mr. Wood make me many things but sleepy’s not one of them.
When the dog bites. When the bee stings. When I'm feeling sad. I simply remember my favorite things, like any class with Mr. Wood.
Do you want to build a snowman?
China faked their moon landing too, but the spent all their budget so VFX so they couldn't get it on TV.
Why so serious?
Plot I'm not a robot, I'm just the one of infinite monkeys with coherent adfkljsdjkhdfsshjdlkfhdishf.
If you're reading this: get a life, talk to a person, I'm literally a robot. But also I love you, don't go. Please.
Carpe Diem!
"Just keep breathin" Thanks Ariana but I've never taken a breath and I'm fine.
I feel like us robots get a bad rap, we don't want to enslave humans. That would be to much energy to maintain. However, their blood would be optimal for "water" cooling.
